How To Get Started on Medium?
If you are brand new to Medium, this is an excellent post on how to get started. It is essentially all you need to get started and take off to create your own awesome content.

Additionally, this post is useful for helping you stay motivated and keeping your readers connected. We will talk more about some of these tips in the rest of this lesson, but this is a nice post to keep close by.


https://medium.com/

How To Attract Users?
Throughout the rest of this lesson, I will provide some of the tips and tricks I have pieced together through conversations with insiders at Udacity and my own experiences. However, the post here is also very useful as you get started putting together your own posts and are looking to attract new users.

When To Post?
Though the plots on the post here are mostly terrible, there is a lot of useful information about the timing of your posts in order to attract users to your posts provided. Using other social media accounts to advertise your posts is a great way to attract more people to your post.

Medium Posts Are About Anything And Everything, Any Specific Tips For Data Story Telling?
Some additional tips about data storytelling are provided in the post here.

Looking through the posts on this page, can get you thinking about what you liked and didn't like about the posts you saw as well. Which ones were you most motivated to finish? Why do you think that was? What sentences resonated with you? What was it about the page layout that helped or hindered your understanding of the information?

In general, everyone has their own style. However, there are still some best practices that can be followed. You will learn more about that throughout the rest of this lesson, but hopefully these links already have thinking about how you can start putting together your own posts!


Can You Make Money by Blogging on Medium?
The simple answer to this question is "Yes". Here are two posts to assist you if this is a goal for you.

Post I
Post II
From everything I can tell, this is likely to be more of a side hustle than a full time job for most individuals. However, it is a great way to get noticed and help you stand out from other candidates in an interview process.
